and that in total or if I believe that
is your silhouette that now first
Congratulations for the comparsa
this is the most followed chirigotas
we can even say persecuted if the
law enforcement agents have been made
of corella if you both like our
silhouette that we register to decide
some script of you let's go
try this a little bit more because in the
theater when when you start your
acting the presentation leads there is a
good banner in our performance
we finished the one that happened by doing more or
less a manifestation where all the
moves that we have unfortunately today in
day and in the good semifinals we went
surprised law enforcement officers to
review new banners to put
that banner and finally a situation
bit sad that we misunderstood
perfectly
it was without taking out this it does not leave the finest
they sang
good
those who also fear free kick for a few
banners strange things to them
He checked that it is until they put you
with the cuts linked with the
curriculum and big and the phone
Well, gentlemen, we see each other on the street but
Of course
forgive carnival monday to make me
a day of carnival in cádiz on the street
to 11 and a half at the door of the museum
from cádiz the plaza mine that go to the
clipped to sing openly and
with freedom for everyone who approaches
It's worth it because carnival is synonymous with
freedom
for sir
saying
said is remember that now begins
the carnival really the carnival
officially once the
contest can be Jorge's pregón of him
and now there is a week even two if
they put you will be small that is not
unpleasant the whole sentence is known
see you on the street there they have two
trimmed gentlemen
Y